# C version (3.19.1) versus Ruby version

# Ruby version : is there already a ruby version of the demo
# Updated 3.19 : if there is a ruby version is it udapted to 3.19
# Changed? 3.20: does this demo has changed with version 3.20
#
C version             Ruby version    Updated 3.20
application.c           no              no        
assistant.c             ok              ok        
builder.c               ok              ok
button_box.c            ok              ok
changedisplay.c         ok              no        
clipboard.c             ok              no
colorsel.c              ok              ok
combobox.c              no              no        
css_accordion.c         ok              ok        
css_basics.c            ok              ok        
css_multiplebgs.c       ok              ok        
css_pixbufs.c           ok              ok        
css_shadows.c           ok              ok        
cursors.c               ok              ok
dialog.c                ok              ok
drawingarea.c           ok              no
editable_cells.c        ok              no
entry_buffer.c          ok              ok
entry_completion.c      ok              ok
event_axes.c            no              no        
expander.c              ok              ok
filtermodel.c           ok              ok
flowbox.c               no              no
font_features.c         ok              ok        
foreigndrawing          no              no        
gestures.c              no              no
glarea.c                no              no        
headerbar.c             ok              ok
hypertext.c             ok              no        
iconview.c              ok              no
iconview_edit.c         ok              ok
images.c                ok              no
infobar.c               ok              ok
links.c                 ok              ok
listbox.c               no              no
list_store.c            ok              no
markup.c                ok              ok       
menus.c                 ok              ok
modelbutton.c           ok              ok
offscreen_window.c      no              no        
offscreen_window2.c     no              no        
overlay.c               ok              ok
overlay2.c              ok              ok
panes.c                 ok              ok
pickers.c               ok              ok
pixbufs.c               ok              no
popover.c               ok              ok
printing.c              ok              ok
revealer.c              ok              ok
rotated_text.c          ok              ok
scale.c                 ok              ok
search_entry.c          no              no
search_entry2.c         ok              ok
shortcuts.c             no              no
sidebar.c               ok              ok
sizegroup.c             ok              ok
spinbutton.c            no              no
spinner.c               ok              ok
stack.c                 ok              ok
textmask.c              ok              ok
textscroll.c            ok              ok
textview.c              ok              no
theming_style_classes.c ok              ok            
toolpalette.c           no              no
transparent.c           no              no
tree_store.c            ok              no

# Ruby version
Check all the ruby demos that doesn't correspond to a C version.

# Demo that are not to be done
pagesetup.c
